for today and your blessing that is upon us as we gather in your presence.
Father, thank you that although there are many evils and many wicked things all around, you present us and bring us to this place.
We are so thankful
for your angels and your power that is working.
We love you.
We give you praise.
I pray for all your little ones here today.
Jesus, touch our lives.
Thank you that you are turning everyone into a shiny star.
Thank you that you are converting everyone here from nothing to something.
Thank you that what Satan thought he could do has failed.
We declare it a failure in the name of Jesus.
Thank you for your mighty power that is present in this place at this time.
We give you thanks in Jesus' name.
And everyone shout that amen.
You may be seated in the presence of the Lord.
Hallelujah.
It's exciting to be back home.
And thank God for bringing us again to church today.
And we are really blessed.
Amen.
It's honor your perfect Sunday, is that right?
It's a good thing to honor because when you don't honor, you will never be honored.
And you will never be recognized.
So it's good to learn it and to practice honoring.
Because when you don't honor, you criticize.
You always do something.
So it's either one or the other.
So that is why I decided to train you very early when you are poor and you have nothing to honor so that you grow with it and you'll be delivered from the wickedness of becoming a person who doesn't know how to honor a man.
We are blessed this afternoon
to have with us one of God's generals in Accra.
An evangelist and a pastor and an apostle.
Many years ago, he came to Accra.
Hold on.
He came to Accra.
and started conducting crusades and started having miracle services.
And I decided to learn from whatever he was doing.
So I attended some of his crusades to learn about miracles.
because his church was actually called Wed Miracle, church, Wed Miracle.
That is, you have the Wed, then you also have miracles.
So the church was called Wed Miracle.
And then he used to have Sunday evening miracle services, oh, Sunday evening services.
So I also tried to
appear there secretly.
You know, without one another, we cannot advance.
And you know, when you look at one day after my children, I don't know whether Joshua or one of these children have been to school for
So many years, Kenagata, and I asked, what have you lent?
And he said, one plus one is two.
And I realized that it takes a long time to lend a small thing.
Do you realize that?
Think of how many years coofies you pay.
What he has lent is that one orange plus one orange is equal to two oranges.
And that is actually what happens spiritually.
It takes a long time to learn anything.
It takes a long time to learn about miracles.
It takes a long time to learn about church growth.
It takes a long time to learn.
It's very difficult even to follow somebody.
We always teach about following.
But one of the difficult things is to follow because everybody is a mystery.
Because I am mysterious, I know that I am mysterious.
If you don't know, you will think, that is usually the person who is, who doesn't honor, you think, I know him, I know what he's going to say.
And I know what he's doing, he's doing this.
But you don't know.
Because if you knew, you would do it.
Spiritually, it takes a long time to learn.
So I remember going to learn from miracles who say, I remember one time I went to crusade and I saw cripples and so on at his crusade.
And I prayed a lot.
When I have a crusade, I pray that people will one day have so much faith
In healing at my crusade, the creples would come.
Because you can have it, you can say, no sick person will come.
Before healing, I'm not talking about healing.
Healing comes after.
Yes, that they have the faith that they are going to be blessed.
So anyway, we are really blessed this morning.
I want him to come a bishop, Charles Agena Sarri.
Let's welcome him.
Give the Lord a better clap offering.
You can do it better than that.
Give it to Jesus.
Awesome, awesome, awesome.
Will you please take your seat in the presence of the Lord?
Amen.
It's a pleasure to be here this afternoon.
I remember years ago when there was a bombing in the church, then at Collebou.
When I headed, I rushed the place to see.
I've known your bishop for quite a while.
I think in the 80s, we met at the pal of the East, where your bishop used to live.
Yes, you were not.
But there's something your bishop is doing that is resonating around the world.
And that is bringing people to the Lord and shed growth.
Amen.
A few days ago, one of my sons sent me a video done by some Filipinos about their visit here.
And when I watched it, I said, wow, me, I'm in Ghana.
I've been going to see what is happening at the first love check.
I will go there myself.
Let me go and see what I can also add to the little I knew.
Amen?
Because what is happening here is phenomenal.
Give the Lord praise.
And so I dropped in my message on what's up and said, Bishabraga, I want to visit your place with a team of my people.
And I'm here with a team of my people, some of my pastors and my leaders who will their team stand, let's acknowledge your presence, all those who came with me.
I came with a team of over 50 people.
A team of over 50 people.
I don't just want to go and tell them this is what is happening.
I want them to see it for themselves.
I want them to also learn what they can learn.
So I'm here today to share fellowship and to learn and to grab as much as I can grab.
There are some things that are really not taught.
They are caught.
And I'm determined to catch something from this mysterious man of God that God has sent around the world.
As I go around the world, people will ask me, do you know Bijabdrag?
And I'll say he's my very good friend.
Because there are people who know him, who will open doors for me also.
Put your hands together, let's receive back the seventh of God.
Put your hands together, Stan, receive him again.
Put your hands together.
Thank you.
Thank you for what you've done for the nation and for Africa and for your world.
We appreciate you.
We honor you, Mr. Dad.
God bless you.
God a blessing.
Thank you Bishop Ajina Sarri so much for those kind words.
Put your hands together and you may be seated please.
Hallelujah.
Today I want to, I didn't know you had come with all so many people.
Wow, you're welcome.
Today is a little cool.
We thank God that the weather is a little cool because normally we sweat here.
What a blessing.
Are you glad to still be in church?
Do you want to go home?
Beautiful.
All right.
What about our beer?
Now, today I want to begin to teach something I have not really taught before.
And I have taught on many are called.
Many are called.
Many, many people are called by God, but few are chosen.
So I want to now share with you why few are chosen.
So I've been talking about many are called, but now I'm talking about few are chosen.
The second half of that famous verse.
Matthew 22, verse 14, for many are called, but
If you are chosen, amen.
Now, many are called to do what?
Matthew 5 is 13.
Matthew 5, 13.
You are the salt of the earth.
So many are called to be the salt.
Salt will always be needed.
How many need salt?
I had a whole cup meeting about salt.
What does it call?
I don't want to be good for nothing.
Yes, I don't want to be good for nothing.
It says, if the salt has lost its savour, wherewith shall it be salted?
It is dense, forth, good for nothing.
So the camp was entitled, I don't want to be good for nothing.
So salt,
is your destiny to be always necessary and needed and wanted and selected and chosen.
Even I who don't know how to cook, you know, much.
I don't almost know how to cook almost anything, but one or two things I can do.
In my occasion, when I do cook something, the only thing I need is salt.
So salt is very necessary.
Even those who don't want to need you will need you.
Become needed in your house, in your workplace, in the name of Jesus.
That is your destiny.
Amen.
Then verse 14, it says, you are the light of the world.
So you are light.
So you are called to be a great shining light.
All right?
How many are glad that God has called you to be alive?
And you see, doomsaw means that your life has gone off.
And everybody becomes annoyed when there is no light.
It can make you lose elections.
And I am sure the light will be on till election.
Because if the light goes off between now and December, next year, December, it will not be good for whoever was to win elections.
God doomsaw is not a good experience.
Everybody becomes irritated.
So you are going to be so important that your absence will affect people so much, they will be calling you for you.
They will call for you in Jesus name.
Amen.
You know, sometimes you go and nobody misses you.
How many have gone somewhere when you came?
You felt no one missed you.
But they didn't even notice.
From today, you will be missed in Jesus' name.
Then a city, three things that you are called to be.
A city set on a hill.
that cannot be hid.
So you are the center of attraction.
God is making you a great, this is what Jesus is talking to his people.
He's telling that these are the things you are going to be and become.
Salt, light and a city set on a hill.
So that is your destiny to be great and powerful
and important and relevant.
Amen.
So God calls you and in the ministry, God is calling you also to work for him.
And that is going to definitely change everything about your life.
So all of us have this calling, a call to be salt, a call to be light, and a call to be a city.
Set on it.
I didn't say Jesus said, this is the word, look up, Matthew 5, verse 14, just you are, Daniel, come and lower your thing here, please.
You are the light of the world.
You are the light of the world, all right?
So you are light and a city set on a hill cannot be hit, all right?
So you are, instead of you talking about people, people will be talking about you.
receive it.
Instead of a bride going through the aisle and you whispering about her dress is too big, the alteration wasn't done well.
People will rather be talking about you because you will be the city set on a hill who cannot be hidden in the crowd.
Instead of people
gossiping about you and you gossiping about people.
People will be whispering and talking.
Yes.
How many have had somebody talking about me before?
I wasn't there and they were talking about me.
Raise your hand.
I'm looking at you closely.
Yes.
All of you.
So you see now, people talk about you
You may not even know their names, but they are talking about you.
That's what it means to become a city center on the hill.
Yeah.
So one day, people will be talking, I don't know whether it should be how you prospect or how, where you have come from or what example you are, what, but it should be a good thing.
In the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Now, many are called by God.
God calls many people to save him.
If you think that there are only three pastors, I mean, thank God for the visit of our bishop, Ajina Sarri, is it?
But if you think that there are just a few people, just like him in a cry, then you don't understand the call of God.
God has called many people like him, but few end up becoming anything.
Yes.
It's not, he attended, I wish I'd be the hostess Bible school.
You think he's the only one, many people have been there, you see, but few become something.
Yes?
Like a call, like, God is calling me, God is sending me.
You think it's just three or four or five people in a car?
No, many.
If you were God and you were trying to save seven billion people, would you call a few people?
You would call many people.
So God always calls many people.
But the point is that few end up being chosen and seeming to stand out
like a city set on a hill.
And that is the problem that we need to solve.
And you see, it's something I have asked God for for some years, that Lord, why are few chosen?
I have my own opinion, but what I have found is what Jesus said is why few end up being chosen?
Yes.
All of you beautiful girls.
that many are called to be beautiful and nice wives to somebody.
But not everybody is chosen.
True or not true?
Which is another mystery?
Why is someone chosen?
You are all called to be ladies and to be married.
But why are few chosen?
You'll be one of the few chosen in Jesus Christ.
Amen.
How many want to know why few are chosen?
Yeah, it is a long thing.
So I'll just give you a few of the, Nina of the points.
Why few are chosen?
Now to find out why few are chosen, this is what we need to do.
We need to see what Jesus called a lot of people and then it became few.
When we see that, then we will see exactly how come a lot of people became a few people.
What do you think?
You should look into the Bible and see anywhere where Jesus called like, there were a lot of people, then it became few people.
Then we will begin to know why few are chosen.
Matthew 22, I want us to start with where Jesus said these words.
Matthew 22 from verse one.
Jesus said these words in verse 14.
And Jesus answered and speak unto them again by parables and said, the kingdom of heaven,
is like unto a certain king which made a marriage for his son, and sent forth his servants to call them that were beaten to the wedding, and they would not come.
Okay, so a wedding, many people invited.
And again, he sent forth other servants saying, tell them which are beaten, I have prepared my dinner,
My oxen and my fatlings.
Now oxen is plural for ox.
Ox is a cow of some sort.
Oxen is plural.
So enough and what?
Fatlings.
Enough people to eat two cows at least.
And fatlings, which must be what?
Good or cheap fat ones.
All things are ready.
come to the marriage.
Verse five, but they made light of it.
And when their ways went to his farm and another to his merchandise.
And the remnant took his servants and treated them spitefully and slew them.
But when the king had their oath, he was rough.
and he sent forth his armies and destroyed those madras and bent up their city.
Then said he to his servants, the wedding is ready, but they which were beaten were not wavy.
Go ye therefore into the highways and as many as you shall find bid to the marriage.
So those servants went out into the highways and gathered together as many as they found, both bad and good.
And the wedding was finished with guests.
I never knew that guests were also part of the furniture.
Now, when the king came in to see the guests, he saw there a man which had not on a wedding garment.
Are you there?
Yes.
And he said to him, friend, how?
How came thou in hither?
not having a wedding garment.
And he was speechless.
Look, you have invited you, you should have at least changed.
Then said the king to the servants, bind him hand and foot and take him away and cast him into outer darkness.
And there shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth.
That's 14.
This is the famous scripture.
I've written a book.
Many are called, you see, this is where Jesus gave this scripture.
Many are called, but few are and are being chosen.
Yes.
So this story tells us the beginning of why few end up at the dinner.
Who are the people at the dinner?
some good and bad people found by the highways who were used to finish the wedding dinner.
So why is it that in the end there were few people because Jesus said many are called that few are chosen.
How come in the end much fewer people were actually
going to be stars at the dinner.
Amen.
You know, one day there was an important dinner in a certain country whose name begins with a G. I'll not tell you the country.
There are so many countries, you can choose any of them.
Guinea, Greece, choose.
I was invited to this dinner.
Once I was at the dinner, I found out that there was a higher dinner.
Yes, with another selection where being invited, actually the one I had been invited to was like for the masses.
Yes.
In that country, whose name begins with a G, to celebrate the same event.
So then I realized that I was not invited to the real dinner.
No, no, no, no, I was not invited.
And it's really, you got what I'm saying.
I sort of didn't feel so important and special anymore.
So even I said, oh, I don't even go for this one.
I've changed my mind.
I'm busy.
I said, I'm busy.
I have to go somewhere.
So don't think that it is nothing to be invited to.
When Jesus is inviting you, it's a great thing.
Special people, you are being made very special when you are being invited.
Yes.
When there are a lot of people and they are inviting you, it means that you are very important.
You are selected.
You are wanted.
They see you as important.
And you are being invited to this special occasion.
And that is all that Jesus is telling you today that he has some special, look at me, I am enjoying special privileges that only God could organize for me.
Yes?
So many privileges that he has given to me.
On last week's Sunday, at this, I don't know, the Korean time, I was
preaching in the largest church in the world, in the main church, Sunday morning, Sunday afternoon, three o'clock service, two o'clock service, yongchitro pre-service before, and I preach the one after.
It's a big honor to me, from my classroom in Collegano, I've been asked to speak there.
It's a big thing to me.
I don't know if it's big to you, but it's a big thing to me personally.
Yes.
These are great things to me.
Yeah.
So God has great things, great events, great occasions, special privileges, and things that He wants to give to you.
But in the end, few people take those special privileges.
Few, why?
Why?
Why few are chosen?
Jesus has given us right here.
The first reason is what they made light of it.
Look at it, verse five.
They made light of it.
Anyone who is in the ministry has taken the ministry seriously.
That is the first thing that you can say, has taken it seriously.
Yes.
How many would like to see Jesus?
like Jesus appeared to you.
Very good.
One day I met someone who told me that he had seen Jesus.
So I said it a number of times and then I said, look, sit down and explain to me exactly what happened when Jesus appeared to you, when he came to you.
So when he described what he meant,
that he had seen Jesus.
I realize the difference between me and that person is that he has taken the vision that he had seriously.
But I have not taken it seriously.
But not that I haven't seen Jesus or maybe I haven't had certain experiences.
But how seriously have I taken those experiences?
And as you sit in church here, you feel God calling you, God sending you
God telling you certain things, but you don't take them seriously.
He made the made light of it.
It's not that somebody is special, but he has taken it seriously.
And you are taking it as something casual, something that you can just, you know, do on the side.
This church is a great mission center.
We are sending missionaries from here to the ends of the earth.
One day I was having a camp meeting and there was a lawyer.
She was a lawyer in England.
In fact, as a retired, judges would be calling her because she had to be caught.
And the judges wanted to know something about when she's coming and when, whatever.
So I'll be then, he says, the judge is calling, excuse me, then she will speak to the judge.
When we had the camp, at a point, I pointed to her and I put my hand on her and I said, I've changed your profession.
Yes.
That was the end of her legal profession.
She became a missionary with her husband.
And after today, they are missionaries.
Yes.
Because you would not take it lightly
They made light of it.
You know why we are having online profit?
It's not to raise money.
No?
You need, you need, you need, you need.
Let's be serious.
Let's talk about needs.
To honor someone is to even pay attention to the person and to what the person is saying, rather than dismissing it, making light of it.
There are so many things I have said
to people that are where my sheep saw it is important to them.
I go important in the world.
It's important to someone who is your sheep that you listen to the person.
And I said, do this, do this.
That's what they don't do.
They make light of it.
Yes?
But those that take don't make light of it over the years have flourished and prospered.
So I want to say to you that, you see, it's not that God calls few people.
But there are some people who take it seriously.
They don't make light of itself.
In the end, already by those who make light of it, and those who don't make, we have already eliminated a huge group, the called people have become some small group.
The people who can sign are become some small group.
Yes, those who can prosper, they have become a small group because
People are making light of it.
We talk about economics.
Since I don't know economics, you know, one day then it occurred to me that since I did science in school, and most of the people who are doing arts couldn't qualify to do science.
They tried, but they didn't get science if they would be truthful.
And I asked myself, how come when they speak and they give speeches
about economics, I don't understand what they are saying.
And I realize that no.
Somebody is saying something that it cannot be that I don't understand it.
How many have had economics, ministers, giving speeches, and, oh no, she's telling, you don't understand anything.
You see, and then I read a book by a man who was critical of the IMF, a fact book, but I read a little parts of it.
And he wrote in the book that economists are guilty of creating complicated words and trying to over-complicate something that is quite simple and using words and creating words.
I was surprised.
He was himself an economist.
He said, it's not us.
And that's when I realized that zero is greater than minus one million.
Yes.
Five greater.
That if you don't owe, you are greater than somebody who owes.
I mean, in terms of wealth.
Yes.
I mean, zero.
You start from minus million, million, million, million, million, million to thousand, minus thousand, minus hundred, and you come to zero before you come to one, two, three, four, five, and you go up.
When I spoke about debts, they made light of it.
That is why many of my followers don't have money.
Yes.
All the money has been eaten up by debts.
And that's why the country doesn't have money.
And everybody doesn't have money because everybody wants to touch that thing.
Your whole business and your whole life becomes nothing.
And they say, oh, you cannot do it without it.
You cannot do without.
We have done without it.
And many churches, many businesses, the biggest of them, they have zero debts.
But they made light of it.
Most people make light of the web of God.
Yeah.
Years ago, a brother came to me and said to me, I've had a dream about you, a vision.
He said, I saw you holding a torch and leading many people.
I was in secondary school.
That's a message from the Lord right there.
God is telling me something.
Would I make light of it?
I sat in my father's chair.
My father had a chair.
A black chair.
And I sat in it.
I sit in it often.
And I closed my eyes.
And I said, Lord, how can I be fruitful?
And suddenly in front of me, I saw a hand holding a book.
You can be fruitful through books.
Wow.
Amazing.
Whether I would make light of it is the issue, is the issue.
In that same chair, I sat, I was caught asleep and I saw a man standing in front of me and telling me to have him in Jesus' crusade and telling me
You must pray for people.
So, you know, one day somebody told me, these people you lay hands on, you know, you should be careful, and so on.
That's something you don't know who you are laying hands on.
But you see, God told me to pray for the people.
So for me, I pray for them.
I see them standing there, thousands of people, and as long as they are there, I pray for them, because God told me to pray for them.
And I see how precious it is, how important it is for you to pray for them.
except of course when it becomes dangerous, because we have had people trying to break down our stage before.
They made light of it.
Stand up, you are a medical student.
You may take your medical thing more seriously.
Yes.
Or you may make light of the call.
It's one or the other.
But for me, the call of God is very great and precious.
and so important to me.
That's why we become few.
As the years go by, you see, that's it.
God didn't call a lot of people.
God called this one or two guys.
No.
People don't text it seriously.
Yes.
When God tells you, honor someone.
God told me to honor people.
God has always told me to honor people.
I took it seriously.
Well, I didn't have anything.
He told me when I was a student, honor this person, honor this person.
I took it seriously.
I got out of my house, took a taxi, went to the church, saw the pastor, and presented an envelope with something, the value of about 10 cities today.
And said, God told me to honor you.
That's all.
But when God tells you to do, you don't do, because you make light of it.
And you rather take seriously the other profession or the other thing that you have.
Yeah.
No, I mean, look at it.
I didn't write the Bible.
He says, they made light of it and went their ways.
One to his family, another to his mother.
Look also, I'm asking this young man,
Maybe you go to your medical program, but right now you feel the color of God.
You are like a man with a hook in your heart.
It does hook you already.
Ghost call us hook you.
I mean inexorably, you are hooked to God and to his calling.
But it's whether you would make light of it.
This is how we become few.
So in five, 10 years time, you see that few people look like few people are called.
This is it.
So I want to tell you, you know, everyone here, don't make light of things.
Today, before we had a group meeting, I spoke to, I said to this one, you are doing masters, finishing becoming a doctor.
I told him, another one is doing masters, I said, you become become a doctor.
Another one I told her, you are not in university, you are 20 years old.
You'll be in university by January.
I said, I need to report to me that you are in university.
This one, I said, she's 25 years old, but she looks like she's 38.
I said, there's something wrong with how you look.
No one will marry you.
Change how you appear.
Your head doesn't look the shape, the hairstyle, everything, correct it.
You are going to marry.
In Jesus' name.
So don't make life.
A prophet is speaking to you, but people just
They just, they just, they just throw away.
They just say, it's nothing.
It's nothing.
No, this is how it becomes nothing.
One day, a senior pastor told me something.
He asked me a question.
He said, he said to me, are you traveling?
I said, yeah, I'm traveling.
I said, I'm doing, I'm traveling all over, I'm having to say.
Then he told me a story.
In the story he said, he had a relative who had a dog.
He said that you are disturbing people.
He had a relative who had a dog and the dogs became wild.
No one could enter the house.
So they called a man who feeds the dogs.
the wild dog.
And the man who feed the dog came.
When he came, he entered the house boldly.
And when the dog saw him, they became humble and calm.
And if he was able to control them, then he told me, when you feed people, you can lead them.
Don't stop feeding your people.
Even if you are traveling, don't stop feeding your people.
They say, I thank God for your traveling, but don't stop feeding the people God has given you.
When you stop feeding them, you lose control.
Yes?
It's amazing.
But you better take it seriously.
I want to take it lightly, I want to make light of it, or make no sense of it.
Make drops of everything.
Yeah.
They made light of it.
So I want to tell you everybody, you didn't come here by chance.
You didn't come here by chance.
Even when you listen to the songs, you say the song is talking to you.
It's telling you something.
I want my love to last.
Who doesn't want his love to last?
Is it not the story of marriage that love does not last?
When you see people sitting in a car, driving and talking, usually they are not married.
If they are married, you see them.
Like, as if they've been baptized in salt.
True or not true?
When you go to the going, you'll be watching.
Each car, just be watching.
If they are not talking, it means they are married.
True or not true?
If they are not talking, they are married.
If they are talking, they are not married.
You see them tucking laughing.
I want my love to lie.
She said it.
They made light of it.
So for me, as I'm here, I'm a medical doctor.
Truly, seven years medical school.
But the call that God gave me, I don't take it lightly.
or throw away everything else for that.
So to you, I also say, will you take it lightly?
So that's the first reason.
Ask your neighbor, are you making light of what you are hearing?
Then the second thing you see is that the guy was not well-dressed.
Amen.
Hallelujah.
Now, well-dressed, you know, when somebody doesn't dress well for the occasion, it shows that he doesn't respect the occasion.
Did you know that?
Yes.
Yeah.
Sometimes when I travel, I mean, I don't wear suits.
So when I tell you, this is my national breast.
What I'm wearing is my national breast.
I don't wear your suit.
It's not my sculpture, my tradition.
This is what I wear.
At my highest occasion, this is my dress.
In case you think I have not dressed well, this is the real dress in that I wear.
Because when you are not well dressed,
It's as if you don't respect the occasion.
You just came, you trivialize it.
So you need to make adjustments for every road.
And if God has called you, you can't just do whatever you used to do before.
You can't have everything.
You can't have everything that you used to have before.
And at the same time have gone.
You can't wear your pajamas and be as relaxed in the house
You can't come with boxer shots.
What do you think?
Yes.
So your life has to be adjusted.
You have to stop smoking.
You have to stop drinking.
You have to stop fooling.
You have to stop for indicating.
You have to stop every bad thing that you ever were doing.
You have to make adjustments.
The dress speaks of holiness and holiness is to be special.
That's what it is.
Everybody who wants to work closely with God, you be special and you have to adjust your life.
So without making the necessary adjustments, you cannot make it.
My friends are different.
My friends before, you see me working with white people.
Yes?
White.
My best friend was a white boy.
My best friend was a white boy in school.
Maybe you don't know.
You don't know sense.
You think you know, I know him.
You don't know NATO.
You know NATO.
You want to be president.
Yes.
My friends have changed, eh?
The people that I'm with have changed.
Yes.
I didn't know Bishop Sakha, you know, I've not met him in school.
It was not in any of the schools I went to.
When God called me, my friends changed.
Yes.
Adjustments.
All those people, you don't see them anymore.
Recently, I met one of them.
I couldn't believe that he was my mate.
Which boyfriend do you have?
You have to make adjustments.
I'm coming for your boyfriend.
Which girlfriend do you have?
I'm coming for that girlfriend.
Yes.
And not only boyfriend and girlfriend.
Friends.
That are friends that have to go.
You can never do it.
Show me your friend and I'll tell you a lot about you.
Yes.
You know what, you see two people talking.
You can know something about them.
Even when you can't hear what they are saying.
The fact that this person, this person has a lot to say.
It reveals something.
Yes.
No, let me say it well.
The fact that this person and this person are talking a lot, it reveals something.
How come they are so close?
What are they talking about?
For so long.
You don't have to hear what they are saying.
Already your flags will be up.
Tell me, your friend, show me the person you can be on the phone with.
If somebody doesn't like me and that person is your friend or somebody says bad things about me and that person is your friend or your best friend.
I don't have to hear what you are saying.
I don't have to read your texts.
I know.
If you are not prepared to make adjustments, although there are 6,000 people here,
you see that we become only as if five of us here were called, of the young people.
I'm telling you, you can't have everything.
When my father said to me, you can do what you want.
It meant that number one, how I will live is up to me.
He said you can do what you want.
Well, he said I should go to Oxford.
I said that I can go, I have gone to school.
Collebout, Savin, yes.
I don't even know the way to Oxford.
I don't know how to go there.
It's OK. You can do what you want.
Yes?
It means I was on my own now.
Without my father's money, without my mother's money, without anything, make it, make it.
And I was staying in one of his rooms.
in his hotel.
He never sat me.
But the only thing that he did was that one day, he said he would not pay the electricity bill of the whole hotel.
Do you understand?
I was in one room in a hotel.
So he said I'd not pay the electricity.
I myself advised myself that I should find somewhere to go.
And I was out.
I began to adjust myself to a new life without money.
When I was a student, I had more money than when I was a worker.
The money my father gave me as a student was more than the salary of a doctor.
And the salary of a doctor was very small.
It was 26,000.
I think about 20, 60 this now.
Or maybe 260.
cities.
Yeah, maybe 260.
Doctor, no, isn't it?
Do you remember?
Five pounds.
Yeah, I said it's well.
Then a doctor salary.
That was my salary when I was an intern.
Five, you kept five United States and I came down pounds.
Yeah, five pounds.
So is it what I preach?
You think I'm telling stories?
That's a real doctor.
Five pounds.
Nothing.
And now, here was I, after survival.
That's when I saw that petrol is expensive.
And I went to Tema to convert my car to gas.
Yes.
And connected a gas cylinder to the car.
So that I don't buy petrol, but I buy cooking gas.
The same cooking gas.
Yes.
I just, I adjusted my whole life change.
You can't have everything that you used to have before.
So you can't come to the wedding, just everything normal.
I said, well, there will be changes.
And people are not prepared to make changes.
Many people abroad, you know, in America and England and so on, who are living, who are listening to me.
They have called my God, but I love it better to make changes.
They come to God and they say, oh, there are cockroaches here, and there are big cockroaches.
I've just seen a wild gecko.
Hey, I can't stay.
Look at it.
A very big person, a friend of a cockroach.
And your name is Sophia.
Your name is, of course, and you are a friend of a wild gecko.
Let's be serious.
Why were you born?
Where did you come from?
They are not prepared to adjust.
It's like they say, oh, what that is, what?
This is this.
That is what, meanwhile, they have genuine calls.
God has called them genuinely to save them.
But they are not prepared to adjust.
We want to be as... We want to eat conflicts.
We want to have freshmen.
Gala cows don't produce that type of milk.
I don't know if they do.
If you want to stay in Gala, we don't have that milk.
Prince, our cows producing such milk now.
No.
I'm just enough for their calves, for their children.
I didn't move, you have to buy.
You want fresh this, this, and that, and that, please.
No.
You want eggs that are, the yolk is yellow, deep yellow.
Gama egging.
It's fed up, it's almost brown.
Light brown.
When you go abroad and you crack an egg, you see the color.
You say, where are you?
It's like the sun.
Tell your neighbor adjust yourself or otherwise you lose your position.
Why if you are chosen?
Amen.
And the last point in this, in this, no, no, I'm not finished, don't worry.
It says, and the remnant, but they made light of it, the six.
And the remnant took his sevens and treated them spitefully and slew them.
Please take the baby out, please.
Now, anybody who treats a pastor or someone who is sent to you spitefully, you will never do well in the ministry.
Yes.
It's true.
You see, I'm telling you about Bishop Agenazari.
These are my seniors.
It's an honor for me that he has come here today.
When I came, they had huge churches.
Huge churches.
We were at Collebou.
Yes?
He was having success with miracles and signs and wonders.
I didn't speak against him.
I used to analyze the name, wet miracle, miracle, wet, wet miracle.
I used to think to myself, that is a good name.
You have the word and you have miracles.
Wet miracle, wet miracle.
Yeah, I don't say anything bad about him.
Not at all.
But you have people, you know, almost, this is probably the biggest test for everybody.
How you treat a man of God, not to his face.
Really, will you say something to my face that is not good?
Let's be serious.
It's what you say behind my back.
That's what brings the case on your life.
Yes.
You really, when cannot Hagen died?
You know, cannot Hagen.
When cannot Hagen died at his funeral?
Today, at his funeral, his son came and spoke.
His son said,
Today, there's no preaching.
Then they had a song that he started like.
He said, they are going to sing the song once.
And after that, the song is retired.
They are retiring.
The song that made them sing that song.
So today, the last day, after that, the song is retired.
And there's no preaching.
So only people who knew him are going to be invited to speak.
Listen, out of the people who came to speak, this is the commonest remark
He said, you never hear him say anything bad about anybody.
But some of you, if we are to hear the things you say behind people's backs, when they are not in your presence, it will be amazing.
You are a two-faced hypocrite.
A liar who has become a hypocrite, which is the lies have entered into that you act the lies.
Hypocrite means pretend that you act your deceptions.
You don't speak them even.
You act out deception.
You act love.
That's why few people can catch the anointing on Benihin.
Few.
Recently, I had been saying, not what you had him say.
Some people had to say something about prosperity and so on.
No, no, I'm talking about something that he said privately.
And when I had those things, I said, wow.
Because when I sense those things, I sense them in the space.
So I just moved away so that I wouldn't comment about that.
But it is now making stating things.
I said, no, I can't bring myself to be unhappy with this person in my private world.
I can't.
I'll prefer to just not see you.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Listen carefully.
I said, when cannot Hagen die?
All the people who spoke from Keith Butler to all kinds of characters were speaking.
They say, you never hear him saying anything.
And he said, son, now people will say to me, just leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, leave it, you leave it, leave it to God.
Just leave it, no, don't worry, don't worry, just okay.
That was Papa Hagen, just leave them.
Oh, yes.
They untreated them spiteful.
What you attack cannot come to you and cannot bless you.
How many have had somebody saying something not nice about me before?
Raise your hand.
That's this side.
I'm looking at this side.
I'll come to this side.
You can't rest this side.
Let's lift your hand.
Yes.
Those people cannot be blessed.
You see, the thing you attack doesn't come to you.
Yes.
I'm enjoying annoying things.
What about this side?
How many have had people say negative things?
Yes.
I'm enjoying Benny Hins anointing.
You should see me.
You should see me in Botswana.
You should have seen miracles.
The way we talk of miracles, night after night, like magic, like magic.
The miracles are like magic.
We are all standing there with a team of doctors.
We are all standing there.
We are just amazed.
I'm enjoying it.
I don't have to say anything bad about it.
I love and treat God's servants peacefully.
I'm enjoying Bunki's anointing.
I don't say anything about Bunki.
Once I met Bunki, I wanted to come near to my soul.
I was at the table, and he was also at another table there.
I wanted so badly to go to him.
But I couldn't, and I could see the special people who were sitting there eating.
And I said, why would I be in that group?
But I wasn't.
And I saw him get up, and I saw him go away.
And I was almost ahead of that.
I was not part of the group.
But I didn't say anything.
But my day came when he sat down with me and talked with me.
Yeah.
I'm enjoying it everywhere we go.
We are told.
The only person who had whatever like this was banking.
We are seeing the largest cow ever everywhere.
Well, you know, we went to Nigeria.
We had the crusade, the chairman of the crusade.
He told me, say, look, I was the chairman for banking's crusade.
I want to tell you something because I know it to be in your mind that
Your crusade is a small crusade.
I say, your crusade is no smaller than monkey's crusade.
I was the chairman twice for his crusade.
This York crusade is as big as anything that monkey ever came to do here.
Yeah, no, no, I'm not saying for you to clap.
I'm explaining to you that I am enjoying anointing.
I don't treat them spitefully behind their backs.
That's why I'm blessed with those type of anointing.
I'm enjoying it for my head against anointing.
Look at my books.
That is something million in print.
Think about it.
Come on, print 5,000, 2,000.
Huh?
They can sell it.
2,000, you can sell it.
You know you dash.
You will sign some autobiography or biography you'll be signing on.
And we send it as complimentary copies.
So I wrote a book.
I wanted to send you one of God.
I wanted you give away.
I'm enjoying something because I'm not attacking people that are precious.
But when somebody hears you speak the kind of words, it can make you weary on yourself if somebody was to hear the way you speak.
Those of you who are from a wet miracle, Paris, I hope you speak well when your bishop is not in your presence.
It's not about when a person is in your presence.
That's why people are shocked at elections.
Because when any candidate comes, everybody speaks well.
They shout out.
You will never know their minds.
When you turn away, then they will say, you, we should vote for you.
Only, but I don't vote for you this time.
And that is one thing about Ghanaians.
We can't see our minds.
After the last election, I was just praying for the president that he lost.
When he lost, because I said, they shot.
He said, a lot.
If you don't take care, you can easily not be well.
Yes, it can affect you.
Because you are amazed that people just, it's like we don't like you, but there's no sign.
There's no sign.
And now, too, there's no sign.
Nobody knows the mind of the people.
Ganyons.
Our things are not clear.
One day I met an American.
I think I sat by her.
She was coming from Nigeria.
I think she worked in the embassy.
So I said, how do you enjoy Nigeria?
Have you been to Ghana before?
Nigeria, Ghana.
She said, yeah, I really enjoy Nigeria.
I thought you saw when she did that, enjoy Nigeria.
I should rather enjoy Ghana.
So no, no, no.
I don't want to live Nigeria.
And then I spoke to another person.
So Ghanaians, you can see like this.
This is our feeling.
It's true or it's not true.
many people can never be anointed because of how they treat.
He says that, look at the best, the best, the best.
And treated, they took his seven and treated them spitefully.
Please check spitefully.
What does it mean spitefully?
Bring it on the screen.
Beautiful.
Spitefully.
Fightfully.
Who is taking the meaning?
Spitefully.
Up to that.
You should have been spinning this way.
Yes.
Oh, we need the meanings of this word.
Spitefully.
Anybody?
Are you close to the telephone?
What does it mean?
revengeful as if you have a vendetta vindictive vindictive is as if the desire to inflict a wrong or injury on someone you speak as if you desire for the person not to be high not to be liked anybody else
by showing your cost by malice.
It's too big for us.
Fill with what?
Showing spite, having a desire to annoy India malignant.
Do you know what is malignant when they say a cancer tumor is malignant?
It's like it's dangerous.
Anybody who has that ill will
You hear how this person is getting divorced?
You see?
I saw it.
Malignant.
Malignant, if you have a malignant tumor, it means that it is moving.
Yes, it's moving in such a way as to kill you.
That's what a malignant see is.
Yes?
And man was describing a tumor that he had inside in the ossophagos.
And he said it was moving to feel where he eats from.
So when he then food came out, when he added the food came out.
It's a malignant, it has a will to kill you.
And he told me, everybody who is operated on dies within one year.
It will.
You say that the thing wants to kill you.
So many people spoke evil of Catherine Cuman.
That's why none of them got anointed, only Benny Hinn.
Amazing, isn't it?
Nobody, you can't carry that anointing.
I want to carry who's anointing.
When we listen to your words, privately, forget about the public one, the public one, it doesn't show.
Aren't you tired of showing things?
Let's go to the back rooms.
And let's check our text messages.
The things we write, and the things we say, full of hatred, spiteful.
Shall we?
Hmm.
Internal, you see, few are chosen.
Are you still around while you are living?
I'm almost done for today.
But I want you to see one more.
because there's many a few of you are chosen to be raised in the Bible.
John 658, look at it.
This is the bread which came down from heaven.
Not as your farthest did eat manna and are dead.
He thought eateth of this bread shall live forever.
These things are here in the synagogue as he taught in Capenum.
Many therefore of his disciples, when they had this, they said, this is a hard saying, who can hear it?
When Jesus knew in himself that his disciples mimicked, he said unto them, does this offend you?
When Jesus knew himself, mimicked, he said, does this offend you?
What if you shall see the son of man ascend where he was before?
But there were some of them that believed not.
For Jesus knew from the beginning that those who were that believed not and who should betray him.
Therefore said I unto you that no man can come unto me
except it be given unto him of my father.
From that time, many of his disciples went back, left with few, and walked no more with him.
What no more with him?
Does this offend you?
You see, there was a large crowd.
Jesus is preaching offended the people.
You know, that's why I preach with my eyes open.
I look at people all the time.
That's why I prefer to preach in the first lecture than to preach.
Because I look at people's faces when I'm preaching.
There are times that I've seen people, I see that what I'm preaching offends them.
It's true.
I've seen people that they'll do this.
The one they see that I'm looking at them, they'll start.
I mean, these are things I have seen.
over and I can mention names.
Because it you remember it.
Does this offend you?
That's why we are supposed to prick with our eyes open.
Keep your eyes open.
Close your eyes and preacher.
You see some people when they sing, they close their eyes from beginning to end.
How can you close your eyes?
It's like you close your eyes when they say feeling the song.
The feeling is not always there.
Does this offend you?
Look at us, we are in church.
Look at the times we get into four.
Does it worry you?
Does it worry?
Go to another church.
That's why we have so many churches.
So many options.
Does it worry you?
When I die singing, does it worry you?
The songs that she's singing, if it worries you, go to another church.
You'll never hear these songs.
You'll never have to hear such songs.
And I know that it worries some people.
So why did you go away?
You get what I'm saying.
Does this offend you?
Does not preach it or offend you?
Does the time offend you?
That's what I'm saying or offend you?
It is a offense you go away.
And Babu says that they went many of these disciples didn't run no more with him.
They were offended by his preaching.
Yes, they were offended by his preaching.
That's how we, we don't like that.
Even, you know, those of you from Red Miracle here, you know, when I came, oh, please sit down, please, please.
You know, like, when I came here, and then I just mentioned that I hope that when you are, your bishop is there, you say good things when he's not there.
It's just an example I was giving.
That's how I picked back.
He could offend somebody here.
Before he realized, someone goes, like, man, hey, boom, boy, when we came here, we was preaching, and he came to us, and he came to tell us that, you know, we'll do it, do it, please.
Does this offend you?
That's my preaching offend you?
Yeah.
And the fact that some people like my preaching doesn't deceive me that everybody likes it.
I'm not a fool.
Once I went to preach somewhere, I was preaching in two places.
It was the same city in a country whose name begins with an S.
Okay, but it was a city in that country, you see, and there were two churches at different ends.
When I preached in this church, full of people, they were so blessed.
Then the pastor said, there's this other large church, they wanted to come and preach them.
So I went to preach
Happily.
Hey!
I preached fully and I was going to preach there for, I think, two days or three days.
I don't remember.
Sit down, you are blocking some people's view.
Are you listening?
When I preached and I finished preaching, I went from happily.
The next day when I came, the pastor had made a small tent where the executive people sit.
So I entered, the pastor was the one, he didn't even lift up his head.
He didn't even look at me.
He was just looking down.
The wife came in, she was also looking aggressive, she was following his neck.
She was just looking on the ground like that.
No, body language is 60% of your communication.
Body language is 60%.
So I was sitting there thinking to myself, this people from this country whose name begins with an S, they are a little strange.
not knowing that they were very bored with me.
I was there when Sally, the person can run, says, you.
Yesterday you came, you preached.
You said this, you said this, you said this.
Do you remember I was talking to you before?
You shouldn't have mentioned this, you shouldn't have said this, you shouldn't have said this.
You are trying to belittle me in front of my congregation.
I was, I was, I was, he took me for about 30 minutes in this country whose name begins with an S. It was Saudi, it says Saudi.
Syria, Sudan, Somalia, okay, Sri Lanka.
So get you new.
Ay!
They blasted me properly.
And that is when I saw that my picture was not
appreciated or wanted in this church, although it was wanted in this church.
So don't, don't misunderstand.
That's why God gives us options.
Oh, I have an inch on.
Yeah.
So if you don't like this preaching, then you go to this other side and be there, but shut your mouth less when you open your mouth.
God will put a viper into you and you swallow it to go down to your doodenum.
And when you say, come on, shall we come?
Yeah.
Have I told you the story of the man who swallowed the snake?
No, I'm not telling you today.
No, it's a very wild story.
And he couldn't get the snake out.
Yes.
And somebody gave him a key on how to get the snake out.
And what happened after?
But that's not the story.
Listen, anything that offends you, just move our way back.
What does the Bible say?
Touch not my anointing.
Give me oil.
You see this oil?
You see?
You see the oil?
Are you watching?
Watch it.
See this oil.
When you attack me, because I'm anointed, you slap the oil fist before you slap me.
You slap the oil before you slap me.
So you strike the anointing.
Yes.
So let's shut up.
What offense you or what you don't like?
Just move away.
Excuse yourself.
I pray have me excuse.
When you strike it, you strike the annoying team.
That's why I said, touch not man.
That's why David's out.
Even though you are demon possessed and you are sleeping with a witch, I will not touch you.
I will not lift my hand against you.
Yeah.
That's why I try all my life.
I don't want to strike anointing or an anointing person.
In fact, one day I was having a meeting and a pastor said something.
In fact, he stood up, it was a group.
He stood up and he said, you know, a man of God, you can deceive him, but you cannot deceive the anointing that is on him.
Yes.
That's what the anointing works.
And that's why Jesus said, if I have not done amongst you the wax, which no one else had done, then you would have been without sin.
Strike it!
You have only struck the Holy Spirit.
You are dead.
You are living dead.
That's why it, it, it, it, when he is married to seven wives, it has nothing to do with me.
I don't care, he can marry a hundred.
Strike it!
You'll find out for yourself.
That's why Little Paul is hard to kick against the bricks.
You are finished.
One day I was watching a film, the last word, a man told an enemy.
He told him, you are finished.
You are finished.
And that was his end.
Those were his lessons.
There you are finished.
Stop talking.
You are finished.
Does this offend you?
Sit down.
And finally, let's to finish the passage.
Then we end.
The next verse, 67.
Now after a few had chosen, a few were left.
It was going to become fewer.
You see, the whole crowd has gone.
It's just going to become fewer.
Look at it, the 67.
Then Jesus said to the 12, I'm also going, I don't mind if you go.
And that is the mind of a truly unwanted person.
I don't mind if you go.
That's the only right way.
I don't mind if you live.
If you want to live, live.
And that's why I'm having this service.
I said, I'm tired of 30 minutes, just preaching.
30 minutes, I said, I love God and I want to be in the house of God.
I'm tired of this finish preaching in 35 minutes to suit some people who I don't even care about God so that we finish with them so that they can go.
They don't even like God.
They don't even want God.
They don't want anything from God.
They don't want to even be near God.
We have adjusted our whole text service.
We have kept down prayer.
Everything to just accommodate some people.
Oh, come on.
So as I'm here, if you want to go, you go.
We are here.
You can watch photography for six hours.
Must have been three times a day.
Do every kind of thing that you want to do.
That one is such a problem.
What season one to season seven?
Season this to season that.
Now you watch, the people are going to become even fewer.
Even among the few that are chosen, it becomes smaller.
Look at this.
Then Simon Peter answered and said, Lord, to whom shall we go?
Thou has the words of eternal life.
And we believe, and I sure that that was the Christ, the Son of the Living God.
He was trying to establish his position.
Then Jesus answered, and said, have I not chosen you?
And one of you is a devil.
So even amongst the 12th,
was a devil.
So, few men chosen, actually, it's becoming fewer and fewer.
But the time Jesus was dying on the cross.
It was left with Peter, God, Peter said, he doesn't know Jesus.
He asked, I've not seen him before.
I don't know.
I work at Galilee.
He told me, but I said, I said, I don't know.
I said, I work at Galilee.
I'm just a tourist.
I'm just passing the area.
I came to buy something.
Judas has sold Jesus.
Judas was in every internal meeting.
It was even at the last supper when Jesus was giving the explanation of that.
He was sitting there, then he would take his phone.
He'd take his phone and ask, excuse me, excuse me.
He's eating now.
When he finishes, yeah, yeah, he's very fast.
He likes bread.
Okay, I'll call you back, I'll call you back.
Judas is in the meeting.
Judas, pray that you'll never be a Judas.
Rather choose to be a for Nikita or any other, choose, choose other sins.
Choose, smoke, we do anything.
Don't buzz that as you smoke, but I'm saying that.
Please, I'm saying that if you want to choose, if you have options,
Choose one.
Choose we choose for the case.
All those things.
But Judas there.
Then Judas took a picture.
What's up with you?
Have you got a picture?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Are you guys ready?
Are you organized?
Have you?
Okay, okay.
We'll be there.
Bye, bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, follow me.
Bye.
Yeah.
As soon as you finish the meeting, when the Bible says they started to sing at him, it is only that that makes me respect him.
We got him, he drove me away from God.
As soon as they finish or to the full.
We are on the move, we are on the move.
Are you guys beyond the move now?
15 minutes, ETA, ETA, 15 minutes.
You know ETA, and spend that time with our brother, ETA.
When you go to get some anyway, if you have the chance, I go with you, we work from the garden to this place.
I took that time off forever.
It's ETA, 15 minutes, yes, yes.
He was talking, he was talking.
Then when they started, do you know the hymn they were singing?
What hymn were they singing?
Oh, uh-huh.
Judas was singing.
Oh, God.
I heard for a yes.
He was singing.
He was eating.
I know how close he was to Jesus.
He was like this, you know.
Have you seen people who put bread in tea?
Do you know somebody like that?
No, put a bread in the tea and then it is.
Milotti.
Yeah?
That's how Jesus was.
He was so close to number one.
Judas was sitting close to him.
You know, like some of you chose always the back.
But Judas always chose the front.
So now they were eating.
And I don't want to give this to anybody because it can be coming.
Jesus put that into the middle like this.
And he tried to do that.
He said, Judas, ah, ah.
And then Judas also was like, ah.
We get both, nobody will just send a message.
When he, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said, he said,
Then he came back.
Oh, God, Jesus, let's sing another hymn.
What other hymn come?
He sing Jesus.
Bless it.
I saw us.
Jesus is mine.
Oh, one and one.
Judas.
And Judas was eating.
John was.
They were very close, huh?
John was leaning on him.
He was putting the food in Judas mouth.
Judas was eating.
Close.
Because few will be chosen, even out of the few.
And by the way, you can never be a Judas unless you are close to qualify to be a Judas.
So many of you don't qualify to be Judas.
You are too fine.
You can only be, I mean, the masses who went away, but for Judas, you can't qualify, because you are not close enough.
It's the inner second.
Yeah.
Give me the phone.
Hello?
Yeah, I've just seen a knife.
Peter has a knife.
Are you armed?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's grown and he has been practicing.
Yes.
Are you guys?
Are you happy?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You have to have, no, no, there must be, I'm guys, it must be, I'm okay, okay, bye.
Let me call you back, I'll call you back.
Then he came with you and said, ah, Jesus, oh, Jesus, this guy, I negotiated with him for 40 seconds.
He's asking for more.
But anyway, I'll sort that it out.
I'll sort it out.
Let's continue, what?
Then another hymn.
I'll say the name of Jesus.
Oh, Malay.
Be anything.
Choose.
When we are asking, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, accept Judas.
The person trusts you, but he's made a mistake to trust you.
Wow.
You turn your back and then they throw a knife.
Throw a knife.
Throw a knife right back.
No, this one, you see this one, a few are chosen.
You will never be Judas.
Stand to your feet.
Who wants the soap?
Everybody's afraid of this one now.
So you see, why feel actualism?
Why?
Number one, they made light.
Number two?
Number two, or what?
They didn't adjust, they're occluding.
When Joseph was called from the prison, immediately he shaved.
He shaved everywhere.
It is even a sign of respect.
Some of you just come as you are.
I have no respect for what is happening.
Number three, they treated his servants spitefully.
Number four, they went offended and number five.
Number five, number five, one of them was a devil.
No one should be a devil.
It's only when Satan enters you that you become a Judas.
Lift your hands and pray that you be among the chosen few ever.
Father, thank you for your blessing, for your mighty Holy Word today.
Thank you.
Whatever eliminates us, Jesus,
take it out of our souls.
Whatever aspect keeps us away from your wonderful calling, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, may we be amongst the few that end up being chosen.
Whatever evil spirit there is that takes away
from us.
My God.
Father, we give you praise, we give you thanks.
Father, we are grateful for your mighty power that is released in our midst.
They will answer your heart.
Father, deliver everyone here from an evil spirit, from striking out at your unwanted and his anointing.
Thank you that we shall be among the few.
that I chose.
Thank you in Jesus' name.
Amen.
As every head is bought and every eye closed, if you are here today, you want to give your life to Jesus.
Maybe somebody invited you to check, but you are not born again.
But you want to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want Jesus to save my life.
If you are here like that, wherever you are, Pastor, pray with me.
I want Jesus to change me, to save me.
If you are here like that,
Just lift up your hand wherever you are standing, and I'm going to pray with you.
God bless you.
I want Jesus to change my life.
I want to turn away from Satan, from the devil, from the world.
I want to come to God.
Lift your hand up high.
God bless you.
I see all your hands.
If you flip out your hand, come very quickly to me in the front.
With your hand up, just keep your hand up and come.
But take your phone, take your Bible, and come to the front here.
Quickly.
Come, I want to pray with you.
God bless you.
today!
This prayer with me said, Jesus, please forgive me for my sins.
I give my life to you.
I give my heart to you.
Wash away my sins with the blood of Jesus.
I'm sorry, Lord Jesus, for my mistakes.
Cleanse me, make me a new person.
Today I open my heart.
And I receive Jesus as my Savior and my Lord.
Thank you, Jesus, for saving me.
Please write my name in the Book of Life today.
I ask in Jesus' name.
Amen.
God bless you.
I want to give you one of my books.
This is a book called How to Be Pawn Again.
and avoid hell.
Here you are.
When we close, all of you holding this book.
Hello, hello.
All of you holding this book.
Come to this place.
You see the present salvation corner.
Just come and sit there.
And then we are going to come and pray with you before you go.
It will be even two minutes.
But make sure if you are holding the wood, that's your ticket.
Come there.
And it is a blessing.
Your life is changing from today.
And from today this is your church.
Say amen.
From today this is your church and your life is changing forever.
Amen.
God bless you.
You may go back to your seats.
It's time for communion.
Take each this is my body which is broken for you.
Drink this is my blood.
which was shared for you.
Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life.
For my flesh is meat indeed and my blood is drink indeed.
The cup of blessing which we bless, it's the communion of the blood of Christ.
which we break.
It's the communion of the body of Christ.
Oh, this is the holy meal, the meal of God.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I will pass over you When I see the blood, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
By the blood of thy covenant, I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit, wherein there is no water.
Amen.
If you read from verse nine, you see he's talking about Jesus, from verse nine.
He says, rejoice greatly, O daughter of Zion, shout, daughter of Jerusalem,
Behold, thy King, comeeth unto thee.
He is just having salvation, lowly and riding upon an arse.
And upon a coat, a full of an arse.
Then verse 10 comes and then verse 11.
This is a powerful verse for you.
Every prisoner is coming out today by the blood.
Is this by the blood?
I have sent forth thy prisoners.
out of the pit wherein is no water.
Your dry season is over by the blood of all.
Stand to your feet.
Oops.
Father, we thank you for the bread.
Your body that is manifested will receive
the body of Jesus Christ at this time.
Thank you for healing from every pain, every sickness, by our stripes, we are healed.
And as we partake of this, every kiss, every pain, every diagnosis, every fear, every fear of death, every fear of tomorrow,
Every fear of the unknown, every fear of cancer, every fear of bad news is broken by the breaking of the body of Jesus Christ.
Thank you.
Thank you for healing what everybody here today, the body of Jesus Christ.
blood.
Every captivity, you know, some of us are bound in a prison of sin and of wickedness.
But according to Zechariah chapter 9 and verse 11, I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit, wherein is no water.
May you escape from your pit of sin and wickedness.
May you escape from your enemy.
May you come out of every hole where you are hiding.
May you escape from every trap where you seem to be trapped by the blood of the covenants in the name of Jesus.
The blood of Jesus.
May you live long.
May you outlive your father and your mother.
Whatever made your father die young or made your mother die young.
Today, may you come out of that trap in the name of Jesus.
Every unfortunate death, every misfortune,
that seeks to possess you or entrap you by the blood of the covenant.
I send you out of the pit in the name of Jesus.
Whatever lid and cover has been placed over the pit so that you should not see light.
I command from today begin to see light.
Jesus, I see you climbing out, climbing out, climbing out, climbing out, climbing out.
Let me hear your loudest amen.
You are out.
I declare you out of the beating the name of Jesus.
You cannot die in an accident this year or this week.
In the name of Jesus,
chariots and horses are prepared, but safety belongs to the Lord.
Any intended accident to throw you away so that your body will be picked out of the rubbish dump.
In the name of Jesus, I cancel that accident now in Jesus' name.
As you have partaken of the body and the blood of Jesus, receive an imputation
of the body of Jesus Christ.
As Jesus could not be on that mission, in any hospital, I declare no one can fix a drip on you.
No one can admit you to any hospital.
No doctor can declare that you must be on that mission.
In the name of Jesus, you are free from diagnosis of hell and witness.
Put your hand on your stomach.
Be healed of cancer.
Cancer of the stomach.
Cancer of the kidney.
Cancer of the pancreas.
Cancer of the eyes.
Cancer of the bones.
Cancer of the liver.
Cancer of the blood.
Cancer of any part of your body.
Cancer of the breast.
Cancer of the prostate.
Be healed of it.
I block it now in Jesus' name.
It will never
That name will never be associated with you from today forever.
In the name of Jesus, let me hear your loudest name.
Whatever human hands cannot do, may the Lord do it for you today.
Anyone that is down, down, be up today by the blood
of the covenant of Jesus Christ.
Be healed and be blessed.
Let me hear your loudest hallelujah.
God bless you, you may be seated.